README.md, before:

![LICENSE](https://img.shields.io/badge/LICENSE-MIT-green?style=flat)
[![VERSION](https://badge.fury.io/gh/tomasvana10%2Fcrossword_puzzle.svg)](https://github.com/tomasvana10/crossword_puzzle/releases/)
[![ISSUES](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-raw/tomasvana10/crossword_puzzle.svg?maxAge=25000)](https://github.com/tomasvana10/crossword_puzzle/issues)

# crossword_puzzle
A GUI application built with `CustomTkinter` that allows you to select, configure and generate a crossword to view, interact with and complete in a `Flask` web application.
- Download the latest version: [click here](https://github.com/tomasvana10/crossword_puzzle/releases/latest)
<br><br>
## Dependencies
`Babel==2.14.0`<br>
`customtkinter==5.2.2`<br>
`Flask==3.0.1`<br>
`Pillow==10.2.0`<br>
`regex==2023.6.3`
<br><br>
## Installation
1. `git clone https://github.com/tomasvana10/crossword_puzzle.git`
2. `cd cword_puzzle`
3. Make a virtual environment (recommended)
   - `pip install virtualenv`
   - `python3 -m venv venv`
   - Windows: `venv\Scripts\activate`, MacOS/Linux: `source venv/bin/activate`
4. `pip install -r requirements.txt`
5. `python3 src/main.py`
<br><br>
## Usage
Will create external user documentation and add it to the repository eventually.
<br><br>
## Third-party library acknowledgements
- [Babel](https://babel.pocoo.org/en/latest/) - l10n functionality and management of message catalogues
- [flask-babel](https://python-babel.github.io/flask-babel/) - i18n integration for the Flask web application
- [CustomTkinter](https://github.com/TomSchimansky/CustomTkinter) - Creation of the main GUI
- [Google.Cloud.Translation.V2](https://cloud.google.com/dotnet/docs/reference/Google.Cloud.Translation.V2/latest) - Translation of locales 
- [Pillow](https://pillow.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) - Image processing services

Commit message:

Translated crosswords
Updated the structure of crosswords within the program:
- A crossword's true name is now stored in info.json. The directory name merely serves as a pointer for methods to access it.
- All non-translated crosswords are now stored in `base_cwords`

`translation_utils.py` was modified to update and translate all non-translated crosswords based on the crosswords in the `base_cwords` directory. It first ensure the current locale being accesses has the `cwords` directory, then, compares the crosswords in `cwords` to those in `base_crosswords`, and updates the directories accordingly. Then, the translations are made and written for all untranslated crosswords.

The methods for which `cword_gen.py` and `main.py` access and load crossword data have been modified to properly integrate with this new system. Both `cword_gen.CrosswordHelper.load_definitions` and `main.AppHelper._load_cword_info` contain fallback values when accessing a particular locale's crosswords to prevent errors.

Added a new custom type to `custom_types.py` (`CrosswordData`, inheriting from `TypedDict` to annotate the data structure of a crossword (`definitions.json` and `info.json`)

Made some slight updates to README.md

README.md, after:

![LICENSE](https://img.shields.io/badge/LICENSE-MIT-green?style=flat)
[![VERSION](https://badge.fury.io/gh/tomasvana10%2Fcrossword_puzzle.svg)](https://github.com/tomasvana10/crossword_puzzle/releases/)
[![ISSUES](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-raw/tomasvana10/crossword_puzzle.svg?maxAge=25000)](https://github.com/tomasvana10/crossword_puzzle/issues)

# crossword_puzzle
A GUI application built with `CustomTkinter` that allows you to select, configure and generate a crossword to view, interact with and complete in a `Flask` web application.
- Download the latest version: [click here](https://github.com/tomasvana10/crossword_puzzle/releases/latest)
<br><br>
## Dependencies
`Babel==2.14.0`<br>
`customtkinter==5.2.2`<br>
`Flask==3.0.1`<br>
flask_babel==4.0.0<br>
`Pillow==10.2.0`<br>
`regex==2023.6.3`
<br><br>
## Installation
1. `git clone https://github.com/tomasvana10/crossword_puzzle.git`
2. `cd crossword_puzzle`
3. Make a virtual environment (recommended)
   - `pip install virtualenv`
   - `python3 -m venv venv`
   - Windows: `venv\Scripts\activate`, MacOS/Linux: `source venv/bin/activate`
4. `pip install -r requirements.txt`
5. `python3 src/main.py`
<br><br>
## Usage
Will create external user documentation and add it to the repository eventually.
<br><br>
## Third-party library acknowledgements
- [Babel](https://babel.pocoo.org/en/latest/) - l10n functionality and management of message catalogues
- [flask-babel](https://python-babel.github.io/flask-babel/) - i18n integration for the Flask web application
- [CustomTkinter](https://github.com/TomSchimansky/CustomTkinter) - Creation of the main GUI
- [Google.Cloud.Translation.V2](https://cloud.google.com/dotnet/docs/reference/Google.Cloud.Translation.V2/latest) - Translation of locales 
- [Pillow](https://pillow.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) - Image processing services
- [regex](https://github.com/mrabarnett/mrab-regex) - Alternative to the standard `re` module, required for some functionality
